what's up YouTube here is my other
goalkeeper glove review it's a whole
aqua grip from 2007 with a dual mogul
grip and internal latex here's a
beautiful this glove I great for twenty
dollars to shipping that between the
sticks calm so very good look for the
price its steel flat palm glove with
internal latex for better comfort and
grip on the ball I don't look to see it
this love a pipe for probably about a
month and the durability has been very
good except for these two which I have
an idea how they got their two little
chairs yeah I'm are they out there this
glove has very good grip very very
similar to the to the x1 globe very
similar in Texas this has more sticky
feel to it when you have the ball and
the x1 Raptors I have a little bit more
like you get better feeling the ball but
the group is pretty much the same maybe
also as not as good in the way it has no
rap song but it feels like a wrap them
things aren't like about this love is
the wrist strap as you can see it's very
loose it only has a bandage on one side
down the backside some nylon I'm what's
called but it makes your hand dryer and
also this is not a breathable both it
has this plastic stuff on the side so
cluttered using it through so it's very
uncomfortable to strap on because of the
wrist bandage but once it's all good
it's pretty comfortable i recommend love
a four-game standoff for training i'll
know how durable it is that i've heard
it's very durable bit for me I've had
the ribs also there's a size 8 which is
very good and it snug fit you get these
again a between the sticks calm in the
US I'm up there available anywhere else
because they're 2007 model well
subscribe and I'll keep you guys on the
date with other glove reviews here's
another view of the whole career 2007